{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab1200{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq5 Courier New;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red100\green100\blue100;\red0\green0\blue255;\red10\green10\blue160;}\deflang2057\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\par {\fs28\b\ul UK Data Archive Data Dictionary\par\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1\ File-level information:\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 File Name = 		\f2\fs20\cf5shs2012_td_home_school_public\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of variables = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 11\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of cases = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 1923\par\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1\b Variable-level information:\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 1	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 UNIQIDNEW	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Anonymised unique household reference number\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for UNIQIDNEW\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 2	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 KID_WT	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Random schoolchild weight\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for KID_WT\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 3	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 kid_ok	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Complete information on random schoolchild\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for kid_ok\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 4	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 kidecon	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Economic activity of the random schoolchild\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for kidecon\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 At school\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 5	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 kidage	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Banded age of random school child\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for kidage\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 4 to 6\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 7 to 9\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 10 to 12\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 13 and above\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 6	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 laschool	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 he6 - In which Local Authority does ..... go to school?\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -1.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for laschool\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 BLANK 1\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 BLANK 2\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 BLANK 3\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 BLANK 4\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 BLANK 5\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 BLANK 6\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 BLANK 7\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 BLANK 8\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 BLANK 9\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 10.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 BLANK 10\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 11.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Aberdeen City\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 12.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Aberdeenshire\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 13.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Angus\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 14.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Argyll and Bute\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 15.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Clackmannanshire\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 16.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Dumfries and Galloway\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 17.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Dundee City\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 18.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 East Ayrshire\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 19.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 East Dunbartonshire\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 20.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 East Lothian\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 21.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 East Renfrewshire\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 22.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Edinburgh, City of\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 23.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Eilean Siar\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 24.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Falkirk\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 25.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Fife\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 26.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Glasgow City\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 27.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Highland\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 28.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Inverclyde\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 29.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Midlothian\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 30.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Moray\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 31.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 North Ayrshire\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 32.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 North Lanarkshire\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 33.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Orkney Islands\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 34.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Perth and Kinross\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 35.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Renfrewshire\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 36.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Scottish Borders\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 37.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Shetland Islands\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 38.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 South Ayrshire\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 39.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 South Lanarkshire\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 40.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Stirling\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 41.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 West Dunbartonshire\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 42.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 West Lothian\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 43.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Don't know\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 7	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 centre_t	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Centre Type\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for centre_t\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0              	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 8	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 type1	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Primary school?\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for type1\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0      	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 9	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 type2	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Secondary school?\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for type2\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0        	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 10	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 type3	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Special school?\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for type3\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0      	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 11	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 distschl	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Distance to school (kms)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for distschl\par }}